Love it when you're mad. Gets my southern blood pumpin'.
Johnny Silverhand died a legend nobody forgets that.
Trust me, Rogue's heard dumber shit than that. Way back when you weren't even an itch in your daddy's ballsack.
Little something called intuition, V. Ever heard of it?
I'm sorry, she finally say anything useful?
Only two willing to spread their legs for you? Sad.
You better keep this short and sweet. Two brainwashed sex zombies in a single day is too much, even for me.
Well aren't you the king of fuck-ups.
Not the brightest bulb on the stage, are ya?
RPM... used to sprinkle it on my breakfast.
You've got to be fucking kidding me.
Mindless fuckin' consumerism wins the day again.
How about this - "Fuck you, #User#. Ain't your stupid sidekick."
What're you gonna do - cross your legs and meditate till they drop dead?
Theeere's the bitch I know...
And now, #User#, here's Johnny! Out in the middle of bumfuck nowhere. Great work, #User#.
Know what? You're starting to remind me of me... fifty years back. Minus the charisma... and impressive cock.
Would you, though? Could be fun...
And you're a cunt. Maybe we'll fit together after all?
Finally! Somethin' that isn't a complete snorefest. Could binge-watch this all day if I had some popcorn...
Fuck. Kill me, please.
Hah! That's it. Got no fuckin' idea what this is about, but if you don't go with them I'm never talking to you again.
Sure, buncha old Britfarts in powdered wigs, shouting "Off with their heads!"
Meh. Seen stranger coincidences. Like when you bang some chick and then her sister - later, same night... And it turns out they're both sisters of God.
Once you've seen all I've seen, don't need to "know" things to know 'em. People're the same everywhere.
Don't lose 'em #User#! We could expose a corpo conspiracy here, #User#, I'm telling ya. They could be corpo spies or who the fuck knows what.
One thing I know like I know my own name - you do not poke around strangers' coolboxes. Best case scenario, you find a half-gallon jug of rancid milk, worst--
Think they make these motels especially for royal fuck-ups like us? AC's busted, dirty needles under the mattress, shitter's clogged... No, for real - who fuckin' comes here to sleep?
Uh-huh. Clink. Sound of her attaching her leash.
Really. You find this "icy bitch" aspect in there, too?
Don't worry, I'll be gentle. Ya might even enjoy it.
#User#, we're at a drive-in. Movie's the last thing we care about.
And here I thought I won the Darwin award... I guess we have a new winner.
Ugh, what a fucking shit-sty.
Right, wrong - chicks'll give you shit no matter what you do.
Look at me. See this? This is a look of un-fucking-surprise on my face.
Oof. Not a looker. Might even be worse than your place.
Wait, wait, is that... Ahhh. Neoamphetamine.
Fugly as seafood barf. Hope it was expensive at least. Somethin's gotta justify this level of tacky.
Fuck. #User# just gets shit done.
Sweet Jesus... You hear that? Do you hear what they're playing?! Don't know what he did to deserve what's comin', but his music taste is reason enough to drop him.
Well, that's what you get for a lifetime o' hustlin'.
Why do i even bother!
Grr, this chick gets on my nerves.
Fuck, I feel like a dog's shit.
Never mind the testicles, tell #User# to keep those hands at ten and two. Always wound up in a ditch whenever #User# drove.
We nail one asshole to the wall and another rises up in the polls. Politics as fucking usual.
One more reason this city could use another nuke.
Why this obsession with #SpecUser#fuck? Hoping once you find him he'll spill the meaning of life? Here, I'll save you the trouble - life makes no sense.
You stopped thinkin' long before I got here. But sure, blame it all on the guy in your head...
'Cause this is all one big waste of time! The fuck do you care about a borg-fucking #SpecUser#? He rubs out sayings like a randy teenager, and the whole world's guzzling it up. "The three branches of government is a lobotomy on the people's autonomy." I mean, what the fuck?
Ha! I've got a feeling someone's messing with you, #User#. You'll follow this breadcrumb trail, and when you connect the dots all you'll see is a dick.
Fuckin' A, I would. That cock would be the first thing #SpecUser#borg did that actually made any sense. 'Cept he'd probably give it some pretentious name. Like "Patriarchal phallus upholding toxic masculinity." Whaddaya think?
Can we find whoever did this? I need to shake their hand.
Oh, right. When i get in a good mood, I forget that.